x/bank: client denom metadata gRPC (#8317)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/proto-docs.md

<a name="cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataRequest"></a>

### QueryDenomMetadataRequest
QueryDenomMetadataRequest is the request type for the Query/DenomMetadata RPC method.

| Field | Type | Label | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |
| `denom` | [string](#string) |  | denom is the coin denom to query the metadata for. |

<a name="cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataResponse"></a>

### QueryDenomMetadataResponse
QueryDenomMetadataResponse is the response type for the Query/DenomMetadata RPC
method.

| Field | Type | Label | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |

> | `metadata` | [Metadata](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.Metadata) |  | metadata is the client metadata for the requested denomination. |

Reviewer: What does client metadata mean in this context?

| `TotalSupply` | [QueryTotalSupplyRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryTotalSupplyRequest) | [QueryTotalSupplyResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryTotalSupplyResponse) | TotalSupply queries the total supply of all coins. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/supply|
| `SupplyOf` | [QuerySupplyOfRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QuerySupplyOfRequest) | [QuerySupplyOfResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QuerySupplyOfResponse) | SupplyOf queries the supply of a single coin. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/supply/{denom}|
| `Params` | [QueryParamsRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryParamsRequest) | [QueryParamsResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryParamsResponse) | Params queries the parameters of x/bank module. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/params|
| `DenomsMetadata` | [QueryDenomsMetadataRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomsMetadataRequest) | [QueryDenomsMetadataResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomsMetadataResponse) | DenomsMetadata queries the client metadata for all registered coin denominations. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/denoms_metadata|

> | `DenomMetadata` | [QueryDenomMetadataRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataRequest) | [QueryDenomMetadataResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataResponse) | DenomsMetadata queries the client metadata a gven coin denominations. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/denoms_metadata/{denom}|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DenomMetadata` | [QueryDenomMetadataRequest](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataRequest) | [QueryDenomMetadataResponse](#cosmos.bank.v1beta1.QueryDenomMetadataResponse) | DenomsMetadata queries the client metadata of a a given coin denominations. | GET|/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/denoms_metadata/{denom}|
```

Also a nit: I prefer reading this in the reverse order. `DenomMetadata` then `DenomsMetadata`
